stance or lower your car and also pop
your trunk it's not really plug your
hood and the other drive up here you get
a file out a sniper you could have any
sniper but preferably the heavy side
versus it usually works on with wrist
right and you're just going to want to
shoot where your windshield and flick
your hood meet and then it opens up a
little bit now I want to go to dollar
side and do the same thing now let's
open up now you don't want to get in
your car but when you get in your car
you're going to have to try forward but
you're going to want to slowly drive
forward because if you just floor it
your heads gonna fly right off and then
it does that so now that you have your
hood open almost you don't want to have
your snack route and you're just going
to lie cheat it one more time it's going
to open all the way up now for the trunk
you're going to want to do this same
exactly nothing different I don't know
why people want open your trunk what
video see what I said and I mean why I
said or instead of end because if you
reverse to open your trunk because going
to close so now that's all i want to
show you now just to the lower your car
and i want to hit it right there you see
it's loaded up blow it and see you know
usually you want to lower your color
just for the car me if you're just going
to stay right there but if you drive
around with in like 40 seconds of
driving your car just a little lip back
up like it has air ride suspension or
some crap and that's all i want to show
you you today subscribe for more
yeah thanks for watching